# CV position announcement (19 Oct 2022)

The Augmented Cognition Lab at Northeastern is seeking a grad student research assistant to join our ongoing research in computer vision and deep learning, with applications to human pose and action comprehension and infant neurodevelopment and health, and with a focus on small data domain contexts where massive datasets are not available and specialized machine learning techniques are required. This funded research assistantship position will be held during the Spring 2023 semester, with a possibility of an extension to Summer 2023. The student will conduct original research in collaboration with other members of the Augmented Cognition Lab, and be coauthors research publications resulting from this work. The position is open to Master’s students at the Roux Institute, and we encourage anyone with any interest in the research to apply. More info about our lab’s research can be found at https://web.northeastern.edu/ostadabbas/.

The research assistantship will be supervised by Dr. Michael Wan, Associate Research Scientist at the Roux Institute, and Dr. Sarah Ostadabbas, Director of the Augmented Cognition Lab. Those interested can send (1) a CV, (2) past and current university transcripts, and (3) a one-paragraph statement of interest and qualifications to Dr. Wan at mi.wan@northeastern.edu. Applications will be reviewed starting on November 4, so those received by that date will be given full consideration, although later applications will be considered until the position is filled. Select candidates invited to a technical interview in early-to-mid November.
